LILY, the caretaker's daughter, was literally run off her feet.
Hardly had she brought one gentleman into the little pantry
behind the office on the ground floor and helped him off with
his overcoat than the wheezy hall-door bell clanged again and
she had to scamper along the bare hallway to let in another
guest. It was well for her she had not to attend to the ladies
also. But Miss Kate and Miss Julia had thought of that and had
converted the bathroom upstairs into a ladies' dressing-room.
Miss Kate and Miss Julia were there, gossiping and laughing and
fussing, walking after each other to the head of the stairs,
peering down over the banisters and calling down to Lily to ask
her who had come.

It was always a great affair, the Misses Morkan's annual dance.
Everybody who knew them came to it, members of the family, old
friends of the family, the members of Julia's choir, any of
Kate's pupils that were grown up enough, and even some of Mary
Jane's pupils too. Never once had it fallen flat. For years and
years it had gone off in splendid style, as long as anyone could
remember; ever since Kate and Julia, after the death of their
brother Pat, had left the house in Stoney Batter and taken Mary
Jane, their only niece, to live with them in the dark, gaunt
house on Usher's Island, the upper part of which they had rented
from Mr. Fulham, the corn-factor on the ground floor. That was a
good thirty years ago if it was a day. Mary Jane, who was then a
little girl in short clothes, was now the main prop of the
household, for she had the organ in Haddington Road. She had
been through the Academy and gave a pupils' concert every year
in the upper room of the Antient Concert Rooms. Many of her
pupils belonged to the better-class families on the Kingstown
and Dalkey line. Old as they were, her aunts also did their
share. Julia, though she was quite grey, was still the leading
soprano in Adam and Eve's, and Kate, being too feeble to go
about much, gave music lessons to beginners on the old square
piano in the back room. Lily, the caretaker's daughter, did
housemaid's work for them. Though their life was modest, they
believed in eating well; the best of everything: diamond-bone
sirloins, three-shilling tea and the best bottled stout. But
Lily seldom made a mistake in the orders, so that she got on
well with her three mistresses. They were fussy, that was all.
But the only thing they would not stand was back answers.

Of course, they had good reason to be fussy on such a night. And
then it was long after ten o'clock and yet there was no sign of
Gabriel and his wife. Besides they were dreadfully afraid that
Freddy Malins might turn up screwed. They would not wish for
worlds that any of Mary Jane's pupils should see him under the
influence; and when he was like that it was sometimes very hard
to manage him. Freddy Malins always came late, but they wondered
what could be keeping Gabriel: and that was what brought them
every two minutes to the banisters to ask Lily had Gabriel or
Freddy come.